# COMP002.Assignment5
Author:Diego Carmona
Purpose: To gain further advancement in familiarity, and capability in using javascript and improvement of skills in relation to the use of arrays, objects, and functions.
Response:1: the range function accepts 3 arguments 

2: this line does not need a semicolon as it is part of the same statement as the line below it (increment = 1) making them an if, then statement.  

3: var and let differ in their scopes, var is globally scoped outside of functions, and functionally scoped within functions, whilst let is globally scoped outside a function same as var but is block scoped within {} of a function. 

4: Math.abs returns the absolute value of the expression. The expression itself subtracts the end of the string from the beginning such as (1, 2, 3, 4, 5) = (5 - 1), then divides the number by the increment of increase or decrease of the argument (inputted by the third argument), and adds one, this calculates the number of loops necessary for the function. 

5: The operator ++ is used to add 1 to the value (in this case) i. it works for other values too but is used primarily for number-based values. 

6: arr.length/2 is used to calculate the length of the array argument, as well as divide it into two. in the case of the function i used it was 5/2 = 3. The rest of the expressions and statements are used alongside that expression asa a part of a loop to reverse the array within place. el representing the beginning and completion of a loop as the loop continues from the placement value 0 - 4 it is processed into the loop, arr[i] is the "changed' index, while the arr[arr.length - 1 - i] is used to calculate the index that arr[i] is placed into. The next statement ends the first loop and regresses intoi the next with arr[i] being in an updated state, as such goes through the loop and increases by one. slowly placing each index from 0 to 4 into reverse order.  

I understand the skepticism in how i gave these complex functional answers even though my previous attempts at writing code within JavaScript haven't been, well, stellar. And your correct I used another's code for this assignment. I didn't do it for pathetic reasons, i wanted to see the correct version of how to carry out code in such a complex manner, what each code did, how it reacted, and to help me gain better understanding. I had been struggling badly as the book we were given discussed the more complex aspects of JavaScript coding rather than simplistic basics. I didn't understand how to do the more developed and intricate parts of the code needed. Eventually I found one site that gave me what i needed. A complex code with descriptive language i could analyze. I took all the information I could gather and built the code with the copied code as a basis. The final code itself was the most complex, and when I saw your response to describe it , I decided I wanted to test myself in my understanding, so rather than regressing to the page I initially gathered the data from, I developed my own understanding and gave my educated answer in how the function I made based on another's design reacted and progressed. It did take a minute I'll agree, but that's because I analyzed and overcame my barriers through my own effort and understanding. I apologize for my plagiarism, but i needed time and data to develop my own understanding and enlightenment in how the coding works. I still need to review many things. The more intricate coding especially can become frustrating and confusing when I'm still stuck at the most basic coding terminology. I hope this answered all your questions and once again I apologize. I will do better.
You didn't see it when i replied to your comment so i poste d this here